
Data Analyst Portfolio Project - Data Cleaning and Visualization
Welcome to my GitHub repository for my first Data Analyst portfolio project! In this project, I showcase my skills in data cleaning, analysis, and visualization using a combination of SQL (specifically BigQuery SQL workspace), Excel, and Tableau.

Project Overview
In this project, I focused on mastering the fundamental aspects of data analysis, including data cleaning, transformation, and visualization. I used a variety of tools and techniques to ensure the data was accurate, reliable, and ready for analysis.

Skills Demonstrated
Data Cleaning: I employed SQL, specifically BigQuery SQL workspace, to clean and preprocess the raw data. This involved tasks such as handling missing values, removing duplicates, and structuring the data for analysis.

Excel: As part of the data cleaning process, I utilized Excel to further refine the data. This included tasks such as formatting, formula application, and data validation.

Tableau Data Visualization: After preparing the clean dataset, I used Tableau to create meaningful and insightful visualizations. These visualizations help convey patterns, trends, and insights that may not be immediately apparent in the raw data.

How to Use This Repository
Clone the Repository: Begin by cloning this repository to your local machine using the following command:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/data-analyst-portfolio.git
Explore the Files: Take a look at the provided files and directories to understand the project structure and contents.

Review the Code: Examine the SQL queries in the sql_queries/ directory to understand the data cleaning process.

View Visualizations: Navigate to the tableau_visualizations/ directory and open the Tableau packaged workbooks to explore the visualizations I created.

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or feedback. This project marks an important milestone in my journey as a Data Analyst, and I'm excited to share my progress with you!

Thank you for visiting my repository!

— Your Name

Contact Information:

Email: jwilmor1@umbc.edu
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseph-wilmore-59612a1b9/





